Update README.md (#12818)
DataDog/integrations-core: traffic_server/README.md

## Overview

> Apache Traffic Server is a high-performance and scalable solution that allows you to improve website response time, reduce server load and bandwidth, filter or anonymize content requests, and so much more.
>  
> Monitor Apache Traffic Server metrics and logs using the Datadog out-of-the-box integration to:
> - Ensure the availability and performance of all your online resources, including websites and business critical applications.
> - Track key metrics like hits, volume and changes in traffic to various websites and applications.
> - Determine average response times and sizes for requests and identify areas for improvement.
> - Monitor key system and error logs to investigate critical errors and performance bottlenecks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check monitors [Traffic Server][1] through the Datadog Agent. 

Enable the Datadog-Apache Traffic Server integration to:

- Ensure the availability and performance of online resources, such as websites and applications.
- Track metrics such as hits, volume, and changes in traffic to websites and applications.
- Determine average response times and sizes for requests.
- Monitor system and error logs. 
```
